bpo-37482: Fix email address name with encoded words and special chars (#14561)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Library/2019-07-09-11-20-21.bpo-37482.auzvev.rst

> Fixed email address display name with both encoded words and special chars.

Reviewer: nit:
```suggestion
Fix serialization of display name in orignator or destination address fields with both encoded words and special chars.
```
